1). Introduce yourself
Ans:--Good morning sir/madam,
      First of all, Thank you for giving me this opportunity to introduce myself.
      My name is patel priti.
      I am 22 years old.
      I live in surat.
      My father is a machin oprator,and my mother is a housewife.`
      I did my graduation from vnsgu university.i am self motivated.
      I am currently doing a web designing class at TOPS Technologies.
      My short-term goal is to get a job in a well-reputed company.
      My hobbies are drawing,listening to music.
      It's all about me sir/mam.THANK YOU!


2) Why did you choose this language?
Ans:--Studying a foreign language will improve your chances of getting a job. Studying a new culture helps you meet new and interesting people. Dealing with another culture enables people to gain a more profound understanding of their own culture. The study of foreign languages boots confidence.

3)What are your strengths? 
AQns:-- communication skills to relay information to others and limit misunderstandings. For example, communicative employees might have great email writing skills .Noticing small details; Prioritizing; Public speaking; Recognizing patterns; Setting deadlines; Switching between different tasks quickly .“I'd say my greatest strength is my writing skills. I take pride in my ability to write with clarity and precision, and I always make sure to meet deadlines.

4)Specify your weakness? 
Ans:--Inexperience with specific software or a non-essential skill.
Tendency to take on too much responsibility.
Nervousness about public speaking.
Hesitancy about delegating tasks.
Discomfort taking big risks.
Impatience with bureaucracies.

5)What motivates you to do a good job?
Ans:--I am motivated by learning new things, if I got an opportunity to take a new role or learn new skills this motivates me because I feel as if I am improving my depth of knowledge. As I'm a self-motivated person my mistakes motivate me a lot to do my job properly.

6) Whom do you consider as your role model? 
Ans:--For some, they are our parents, for some their teachers or mentors, for some they are some public figures and for some, they are our leaders. In reality, role models are just other human beings who teach others how to live a life of integrity, optimism, hope, determination, and compassion.

7) Tell me about your hobbies. 
Ans:--Reading.
Baking.
Watching films.
Listening to music.
Travelling.
Gardening.

8)Where do you see yourself five years down the line?
Ans:--In five years, I see myself continuing to work hard and progressing in my current role. I hope to have acquired the necessary skills and experience to successfully lead a team where I want to be seen as a valuable member. I would also like to have developed a good working relationship with all team members.

9)Why should I hire you? 
Ans:--You should hire me because I have the qualifications, experience, and attitude to contribute to your company. I am a quick learner, adaptable, and possess excellent communication and problem-solving skills. Furthermore, I am passionate about this field and eager to contribute to your team's success.

